#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
anyio==4.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
astroid==2.8.6
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   build
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
comm==0.2.0
    # via ipykernel
coverage==7.2.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.27.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   qtconsole
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via pylint
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyter-core==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.9
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
notebook==7.0.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pipdeptree==2.13.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pylint==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.12
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
qtpy==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   qtconsole
referencing==0.32.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via pylint
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via astroid

